assets/docs/test/TESTING.md, before:

# Runner Crush Testing

![Site Mockup]()


---

## Site Functionality Testing


## Responsiveness Testing


## Accessibility Test Testing


## Browsers Testing


## Bugs
- __JS TypeError__

    When setting the display style property of the element with the class name 'fa-angle-down', a TypeError appeared. As stated by [MDN Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/), the TypeError occurs when performing an operation involving unexpected data types. 

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see TypeError</summary>
    <br>

    ![Console TypeError](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-type-error.jpg)

    ![Faulty Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-type-error-code.jpg)

    </details>


    The problem arose because the 'getElementsByClassName' method selects all elements with the class name 'fa-angle-down' instead of just one. To specifically target the first element,'[0]' was added to access it directly.
    
    Correct Code: document.getElementsByClassName('fa-angle-down')[0]

- __JS Dragging Unexpected Behavior__

    When an object or square was dragged and moved over the game board, it removed the square's background colour behind showing its default CSS colour rule.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Unexpected Behavior</summary>
    <br>

    ![Game Board](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-drag.jpg)

    </details>

    The issue was found in the function dragLeave(), where the code line `this.style.backgroundColor = ''` set the background colour of the current square to an empty string, so any background colour will be removed from the squares behind the object dragging. That code line was removed to fix this behavior.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Faulty Code</summary>
    <br>

    ![Faulty Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-drag-code.jpg)

    </details>

- __JS Split Up Squares Match__

    When a row starts at the left of the right-hand edge as well as for columns, it breaks up in two taking the move as a valid one, so rows of three split up, counting as a valid row match.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Issue</summary>
    <br>

    ![Split Up Squares](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-notvalidmove.jpg)

    </details>

    The issue was fixed by defining an array of all non-valid indexes inside the function that checks row matches, therefore specifying valid moves of squares solved this issue.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Code</summary>
    <br>

    ![Solution Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-notvalidmove-code.jpg)

    </details>

## Testing Tools

Commit message:

bug: fix js score counter unexpected behavior in script.js file and update bugs content of TESTING.md file

assets/docs/test/TESTING.md, after:

# Runner Crush Testing

![Site Mockup]()


---

## Site Functionality Testing


## Responsiveness Testing


## Accessibility Test Testing


## Browsers Testing


## Bugs
- __JS TypeError__

    When setting the display style property of the element with the class name 'fa-angle-down', a TypeError appeared. As stated by [MDN Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/), the TypeError occurs when performing an operation involving unexpected data types. 

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see TypeError</summary>
    <br>

    ![Console TypeError](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-type-error.jpg)

    ![Faulty Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-type-error-code.jpg)

    </details>


    The problem arose because the 'getElementsByClassName' method selects all elements with the class name 'fa-angle-down' instead of just one. To specifically target the first element,'[0]' was added to access it directly.
    
    Correct Code: document.getElementsByClassName('fa-angle-down')[0]

- __JS Dragging Unexpected Behavior__

    When an object or square was dragged and moved over the game board, it removed the square's background colour behind showing its default CSS colour rule.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Unexpected Behavior</summary>
    <br>

    ![Game Board](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-drag.jpg)

    </details>

    The issue was found in the function dragLeave(), where the code line `this.style.backgroundColor = ''` set the background colour of the current square to an empty string, so any background colour will be removed from the squares behind the object dragging. That code line was removed to fix this behavior.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Faulty Code</summary>
    <br>

    ![Faulty Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-drag-code.jpg)

    </details>

- __JS Split Up Squares Match__

    When a row starts at the left of the right-hand edge as well as for columns, it breaks up in two taking the move as a valid one, so rows of three split up, counting as a valid row match.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Issue</summary>
    <br>

    ![Split Up Squares](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-notvalidmove.jpg)

    </details>

    The issue was fixed by defining an array of all non-valid indexes inside the function that checks row matches, therefore specifying valid moves of squares solved this issue.

    <details>
    <summary>Click here to see Code</summary>
    <br>

    ![Solution Code](https://github.com/anav-dev/runner-crush/blob/main/assets/docs/test/js-bug-notvalidmove-code.jpg)

    </details>

- __JS Game Counter Unexpected Behavior__

    After clicking the 'Let's Play' button, the score counter gets updated before the initial user move as there were already some random matches generated when building the game board using random objects.

    This issue was fixed by resetting the score to 0 after that button is clicked, using an addEventListener method as follows: `openGameButton.addEventListener("click", () => { score = 0; scoreDisplayed.innerHTML = score;})`.


## Testing Tools
